1.What are the different data types in Python?
2.What is the difference between a primitive data type and a composite data type?
3.What is the difference between a mutable data type and an immutable data type?
4.How do you define a constant in Python?
5.How do you convert a string to an integer?
6.How do you convert an integer to a string?
7.What are the different ways to represent a floating-point number in Python?
8.What is the difference between a list and a tuple?
9.What is the difference between a dictionary and a set?
10.What are the different ways to iterate over a list?

Operators

1.What are the different types of operators in Python?
2.What is the difference between an arithmetic operator and a logical operator?
3.What is the difference between an assignment operator and a comparison operator?
4.How do you use the bitwise operators in Python?
5.How do you use the membership operators in Python?
6.How do you use the identity operators in Python?
7.How do you use the augmented assignment operators in Python?

Conditional Statements

1.What are the different types of conditional statements in Python?
2.How do you write an if statement in Python?
3.How do you write an else statement in Python?
4.How do you write an elif statement in Python?
5.How do you write a nested conditional statement in Python?
6.How do you write a switch statement in Python?

Looping Statements

1.What are the different types of looping statements in Python?
2.How do you write a for loop in Python?
3.How do you write a while loop in Python?
4.How do you write a do-while loop in Python?
5.How do you break out of a loop in Python?
6.How do you continue a loop in Python?

Functions

1.What are functions in Python?
2.How do you define a function in Python?
3.How do you call a function in Python?
4.What are the different types of arguments in Python?
5.How do you pass arguments to a function in Python?
6.How do you return a value from a function in Python?
7.How do you write a recursive function in Python?